Thank you for taking the time to visit me.

As you know, there is a reaver encampment in the islands north of here: "Gogledd-Ynys". It was once under the control of the Brokvarian Throne, comprising a large part of our export industry. Until a storm wrought destruction upon it, degrading into a haven for piracy. Intel indicates that they aim to attack the city during the coronation. I've alerted Commander Niahl of this and he's drawing reserves to the capital. Despite my best efforts, he is unwilling to spare soldiers to mount an attack against their home before they make their attack. It is my belief that their queen, a woman known only as "The Blood-Tide" is the only thing holding them together - intel suggests she holds a political role, banding several pirate groups together under one banner. Before she came to power, the groups spent more time fighting amongst themselves then raiding our shores - it is our concern that she wishes to expand her influence. Pressed between her reavers and the empire, we're not in a pretty place. Of the attacks they've mounted in the past, she's never shown face. Regardless of her presence, an attack on their stronghold could remove them from the islands and if she's there... removing their queen would lead to dissent in the ranks and they'd hopefully disband back into their own groups.

We can't afford to underestimate the gravity of this situation. If those reavers breach our city during the coronation, it won't just be about defending our walls. It's about the thousands of innocent lives caught in the crossfire, families torn apart, homes reduced to rubble. And let's not forget, the scars of the recent occupation by the empire still run deep. The wounds haven't healed, and now, just as we're getting back on our feet, this threat emerges like a storm on the horizon. We can't afford to wait for the enemy to strike. We must act now, and decisively. My son Ceinwen is a proven tactician, strategist and fighter, he'll be leading the strike and has formulated an attack plan, having been to the lands once before himself. It is his opinion that a close knit force will have a better chance at landing upon their shores during the dead of night and stealthily approaching them than a swarming force.

I do understand however that you may not want to burden yourself with this matter, this is after all not your country, I only call upon you no because you have proven yourself competent and quality fighters. Such that if you're looking for permanent employment, you are more than welcome to return to this keep - the service we provide is pivotal in maintaining the peace in Brokvar. Should any of the rest of you be interested, your skill and ability will be heartily welcome. Although, it must be said - you'd be the first foreigners amongst our ranks: A sunmaekean - such a strange entwinement, our countries have entered in to. Two Genasis of Chimo - a land most none of heard of and 